Add Kustomize to beta deployments (#251)
1Password/scim-examples: beta/kustomize/overlays/README.md

# Overlays

Contained here are overlays to customize and configure 1Password SCIM Bridge.

> `letsencrypt` contains the patches necessary to use the built in Let's Encrypt integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`letsencrypt` contains the patches necessary to use the default option of utilizing Let's Encrypt for your certificate management of your SCIM bridge
```

Wording suggestion to highlight that Let's Encrypt is the default TLS management option.

Author: resolved in upcoming commit.
